app-emulation/qemu gcc
dev-dotnet/libgdiplus gcc
dev-lang/go gcc # clang uses LLD, which is custom patched to use --icf=safe, which Go ofc doesn't like
dev-lang/ocaml gcc
dev-libs/ell gcc
dev-libs/wayland-protocols gcc
dev-util/colm gcc
dev-util/ragel gcc
mail-mta/nullmailer gcc
media-gfx/libimagequant gcc
media-libs/ftgl gcc
media-libs/libass gcc
media-libs/vulkan-layers gcc
media-libs/xvid gcc
media-sound/audacity gcc
net-dialup/ppp gcc
net-libs/libnetfilter_conntrack gcc
net-libs/libnetfilter_queue gcc
#net-libs/libnm-glib gcc
net-misc/x11-ssh-askpass gcc
net-wireless/cowpatty gcc
sci-libs/colpack gcc
sci-libs/hdf5 gcc
sci-libs/spqr gcc
sci-mathematics/gmp-ecm gcc
sci-mathematics/yafu gcc
sys-apps/busybox gcc
sys-apps/fwupd-efi gcc
sys-boot/efibootmgr gcc
sys-boot/grub gcc
sys-libs/db gcc
x11-base/xorg-server gcc
