app-crypt/hashcat gcc-no-lto
app-emulation/wine-vanilla gcc-no-lto
dev-cpp/clucene gcc-no-lto
dev-libs/crypto++ gcc-no-lto
dev-libs/elfutils gcc-no-lto
dev-libs/json-glib gcc-no-lto
dev-libs/libgcrypt gcc-no-lto
dev-python/grpcio gcc-no-lto
media-libs/dav1d gcc-no-lto
media-libs/openal gcc-no-lto
media-libs/x264 gcc-no-lto
media-sound/pulseaudio gcc-no-lto
media-tv/xawtv gcc-no-lto
media-video/ffmpeg gcc-no-lto
net-dialup/ppp gcc-no-lto
net-firewall/conntrack-tools gcc-no-lto
net-libs/grpc gcc-no-lto
net-libs/libnm-glib gcc-no-lto
net-misc/x11-ssh-askpass gcc-no-lto
net-p2p/amule gcc-no-lto
net-wireless/cowpatty gcc-no-lto
net-wireless/crda gcc-no-lto
sci-libs/lapack gcc-no-lto
sys-auth/elogind gcc-no-lto
sys-devel/gcc gcc-no-lto
sys-fs/fuse gcc-no-lto
sys-libs/glibc gcc-no-lto
x11-base/xorg-server gcc-no-lto
