app-admin/sudo lto-in-ldflags
app-arch/bzip2 lto-in-ldflags
app-arch/p7zip lto-in-ldflags
app-arch/pigz lto-in-ldflags
app-arch/unzip lto-in-ldflags
app-arch/zip lto-in-ldflags
app-crypt/gcr lto-in-ldflags
app-crypt/hashcat lto-in-ldflags
app-crypt/rhash lto-in-ldflags
app-editors/vim-core lto-in-ldflags
app-editors/vim lto-in-ldflags
app-text/dos2unix lto-in-ldflags
app-text/mandoc lto-in-ldflags
app-text/mupdf lto-in-ldflags
app-text/openjade lto-in-ldflags
app-text/scdoc lto-in-ldflags
dev-cpp/glibmm lto-in-ldflags
dev-go/enumer lto-in-ldflags
dev-lang/luajit lto-in-ldflags
dev-lang/perl lto-in-ldflags
dev-lang/ruby lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/boost lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/liblinear lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/libtommath lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/mpdecimal lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/nss lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/tree-sitter-bash lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/tree-sitter lto-in-ldflags
dev-libs/xmlsec lto-in-ldflags
dev-perl/ExtUtils-CChecker lto-in-ldflags
dev-perl/Module-Build lto-in-ldflags
dev-perl/XS-Parse-Keyword lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/date lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/debug lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/io-console lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/json lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/psych lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/racc lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/rbs lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/stringio lto-in-ldflags
dev-ruby/strscan lto-in-ldflags
dev-tcltk/blt lto-in-ldflags
media-gfx/xsane lto-in-ldflags
media-libs/freetype lto-in-ldflags
media-libs/glew lto-in-ldflags
media-libs/libnsgif lto-in-ldflags
media-libs/libvpx lto-in-ldflags
media-libs/sdl2-mixer lto-in-ldflags
net-analyzer/nmap lto-in-ldflags
net-analyzer/traceroute lto-in-ldflags
net-dns/dnsmasq lto-in-ldflags
net-libs/libnatpmp lto-in-ldflags
net-libs/libpcap lto-in-ldflags
net-libs/miniupnpc lto-in-ldflags
net-misc/dropbear lto-in-ldflags
net-misc/openssh lto-in-ldflags
net-print/cups lto-in-ldflags
net-vpn/wireguard-tools lto-in-ldflags
net-wireless/wireless-tools lto-in-ldflags
net-wireless/wpa_supplicant lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/dmidecode lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/edid-decode lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/gptfdisk lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/less lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/lm-sensors lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/lshw lto-in-ldflags
sys-apps/ucspi-tcp lto-in-ldflags
sys-auth/passwdqc lto-in-ldflags
sys-fs/btrfs-progs lto-in-ldflags
sys-fs/e2fsprogs lto-in-ldflags
sys-fs/squashfs-tools lto-in-ldflags
sys-kernel/dracut lto-in-ldflags
sys-libs/efivar lto-in-ldflags
sys-libs/libcap lto-in-ldflags
sys-libs/libosinfo lto-in-ldflags
sys-libs/readline lto-in-ldflags
sys-process/schedtool lto-in-ldflags
x11-libs/wxGTK lto-in-ldflags
