app-office/libreoffice no-debug
dev-lang/rust no-debug
dev-lang/spidermonkey no-debug
dev-libs/libffi no-debug
dev-python/PyQt5 no-debug
dev-qt/qtlocation no-debug
dev-qt/qtwebkit no-debug
dev-util/cmake no-debug
dev-util/kdevelop no-debug
dev-util/lldb no-debug
net-libs/nodejs no-debug
net-libs/webkit-gtk no-debug
sci-astronomy/stellarium no-debug
sys-apps/hwloc no-debug
sys-devel/clang-common no-debug
sys-devel/clang no-debug
sys-devel/clang-runtime no-debug
sys-devel/gcc no-debug
sys-devel/lld no-debug
sys-devel/llvm-common no-debug
sys-devel/llvmgold no-debug
sys-devel/llvm no-debug
sys-libs/compiler-rt no-debug
sys-libs/libcxxabi no-debug
sys-libs/libcxx no-debug
sys-libs/libomp no-debug
sys-libs/llvm-libunwind no-debug
sys-libs/netbsd-csu no-debug
www-client/firefox no-debug
