app-shells/fish no-tests
app-text/docbook2X no-tests
dev-cpp/glibmm no-tests
dev-lang/tk no-tests
dev-libs/check no-tests
dev-libs/libdbusmenu no-tests
dev-libs/libffi no-tests
dev-libs/libindicator no-tests
dev-perl/Image-Sane no-tests
dev-python/* no-tests
dev-ruby/* no-tests
dev-util/ctags no-tests
dev-util/lldb no-tests
dev-vcs/subversion no-tests
media-libs/audiofile no-tests
media-libs/chromaprint no-tests
media-libs/gd no-tests
media-libs/lcms no-tests
media-libs/openjpeg no-tests
media-video/libva-utils no-tests
sys-apps/coreutils no-tests
sys-apps/dbus no-tests
sys-block/thin-provisioning-tools no-tests
sys-devel/binutils no-tests
sys-devel/gcc no-tests
sys-devel/gdb no-tests
sys-libs/db no-tests
sys-libs/glibc no-tests
