#sys-apps/hwloc with-tests
#sys-devel/clang with-tests
#sys-devel/llvm with-tests
#sys-libs/libcxx with-tests
#sys-libs/libcxxabi with-tests
#sys-libs/libomp with-tests
dev-util/bazel no-ccache
dev-util/lldb clang-lto-lld
dev-util/lldb extra_cmake-llvm
sys-apps/hwloc clang-lto-lld
sys-devel/binutils gold-linker-default
sys-devel/clang clang
sys-devel/clang extra_cmake-llvm
sys-devel/clang lld
sys-devel/clang-common clang-lto-lld
sys-devel/clang-common extra_cmake-llvm
sys-devel/clang-common with-tests
sys-devel/clang-runtime clang-lto-lld
sys-devel/clang-runtime extra_cmake-llvm
sys-devel/clang-runtime with-tests
sys-devel/llvm clang
sys-devel/llvm extra_cmake-llvm
sys-devel/llvm lld
sys-devel/llvm-common clang-lto-lld
sys-devel/llvm-common extra_cmake-llvm
sys-devel/llvm-common with-tests
sys-devel/llvmgold clang
sys-devel/llvmgold extra_cmake-llvm
sys-devel/llvmgold lld
sys-devel/llvmgold with-tests
sys-libs/compiler-rt clang-lto-lld
sys-libs/compiler-rt extra_cmake-llvm
sys-libs/compiler-rt with-tests
sys-libs/libcxx clang-lto-lld
sys-libs/libcxx extra_cmake-llvm
sys-libs/libcxxabi clang-lto-lld
sys-libs/libcxxabi extra_cmake-llvm
sys-libs/libomp clang-lto-lld
sys-libs/libomp extra_cmake-llvm
sys-libs/netbsd-csu clang-lto-lld
sys-libs/netbsd-csu with-tests
www-client/chromium clang-lto-lld
x11-drivers/nvidia-drivers no-sandboxes
