dev-qt/designer gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/linguist-tools gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qdbus gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtbluetooth gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtchooser gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtconcurrent gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtcore gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtdbus gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtdeclarative gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtgraphicaleffects gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtgui gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtimageformats gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtlocation gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtlockedfile gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtmultimedia gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtnetwork gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtopengl gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtpaths gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtpositioning gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtprintsupport gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtquickcontrols2 gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtquickcontrols gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtscript gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtsensors gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtserialport gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtsingleapplication gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtsql gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtsvg gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qttest gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtvirtualkeyboard gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtwayland gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtwebchannel gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtwebengine gcc-no-lto-no-debug
dev-qt/qtwebsockets gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtwidgets gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtx11extras gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtxml gcc-no-lto
dev-qt/qtxmlpatterns gcc-no-lto
kde-frameworks/attica clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/baloo clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/bluez-qt clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/breeze-icons clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/extra-cmake-modules clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/frameworkintegration clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kactivities clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kactivities-stats clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/karchive clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kauth clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kbookmarks clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kcmutils clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kcodecs clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kcompletion clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kconfig clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kconfigwidgets clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kcoreaddons clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kcrash clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kdbusaddons clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kdeclarative clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kded clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kdelibs4support clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kdesu clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kdnssd clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kdoctools clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kemoticons clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kf-env clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kfilemetadata clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kglobalaccel clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kguiaddons clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kholidays clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/khtml clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/ki18n clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kiconthemes clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kidletime clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kimageformats clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kinit clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kio clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kirigami clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kitemmodels clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kitemviews clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kjobwidgets clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kjs clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/knewstuff clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/knotifications clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/knotifyconfig clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kpackage clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kparts clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kpeople clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kpty clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kquickcharts clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/krunner clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kservice clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/ktexteditor clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/ktextwidgets clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kunitconversion clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kwallet clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kwayland clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kwidgetsaddons clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kwindowsystem clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/kxmlgui clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/networkmanager-qt clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/plasma clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/prison clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/purpose clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/qqc2-desktop-style clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/solid clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/sonnet clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/syntax-highlighting clang-no-lto
kde-frameworks/threadweaver clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/bluedevil clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/breeze clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/breeze-gtk clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/drkonqi clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kactivitymanagerd clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kde-cli-tools clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kdecoration clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kde-gtk-config clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kdeplasma-addons clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kgamma clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/khotkeys clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kinfocenter clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kmenuedit clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kscreen clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kscreenlocker clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/ksshaskpass clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/ksystemstats clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kwallet-pam clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kwayland-integration clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kwayland-server clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kwin clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/kwrited clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/layer-shell-qt clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/libkscreen clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/libksysguard clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/libkworkspace clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/milou clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/oxygen clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-browser-integration clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-desktop clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-disks clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-firewall clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-integration clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-meta clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-nm clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-pa clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-systemmonitor clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-thunderbolt clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-workspace clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/plasma-workspace-wallpapers clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/polkit-kde-agent clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/powerdevil clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/sddm-kcm clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/systemsettings clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/xdg-desktop-portal-kde clang-no-lto
kde-plasma/xembed-sni-proxy clang-no-lto
